Past, Present, Future
Thought-provoking questions about life experiences, dreams, and personal growth.
FF8C42
What is a moment from your past that still makes you smile?
If you could give your past self one piece of advice, what would it be?
What dream from your childhood still sticks with you?
How have you changed the most in the past five years?
If you could relive one day from your past, which day would it be?
What would your future self thank you for doing right now?
If you had the power to change one thing about your past, would you?
What’s one thing you wish you’d done sooner in life?
If you could see a glimpse of your future, what would you want to see?
What’s a mistake from your past that you’ve learned the most from?
How do you see your life in 10 years?
Is there a goal from your past you still haven’t achieved yet?
If you could do one thing differently in your life, what would it be?
What’s one thing you’ve done in the past that you’re proud of?
What is your biggest dream for the future?
If you could tell your future self one thing, what would it be?
What experience from your past has shaped you the most?
Is there something in your past you wish you’d done differently, but don’t regret?
What do you think your future self will laugh at?
What’s something you wish you could forget, but can’t?
What is something you wish you could go back and relive without changing a thing?
If you could change one thing about today, what would it be?
How do you imagine the world will be different in the future?
What’s one habit you want to carry into the future?
What was the most defining moment of your past year?
Is there something from your past that you still haven’t let go of?
How do you hope to be remembered in the future?
What’s a small action you can take today to change your future?
If you had the chance to undo one regret, would you?
What’s one dream you’re still chasing from your past?
How do you feel about where you are in life right now?
What’s something from your past that still surprises you?
What’s the biggest lesson you’ve learned so far in life?
What’s one habit you want to break before the future catches up with you?
How do you plan to grow in the next year?
What’s one thing you want to achieve in the next five years?
What’s something from your past you wish you could understand better?
What’s a lesson from the past you think people should learn from?
What’s one change you want to make in your daily life for the future?
What’s a future dream you never thought was possible, but now you’re close to?
How do you want to be different in the next decade?
What’s the most memorable experience from your past you’ll never forget?
What’s something you’re doing today that your future self will thank you for?
What’s one of your biggest regrets, and what have you learned from it?
If you could change one thing about your future, what would it be?
What’s something you want to achieve before you turn 30 (or whatever milestone is next)?
What would your perfect future look like if there were no obstacles?
What’s one thing you want to accomplish by the time you’re 50?
What has been the most unexpected change in your life so far?
What’s something you’ve stopped doing in your present that you want to start again in the future?
If you could magically fix one thing from your past, what would it be?
What’s one small dream you could accomplish in the next year?
If you could learn something new in the future, what would it be?
What would you tell your younger self about love and relationships?
If you could have dinner with your future self, what would you ask them?
How would you want to spend the last day of your life?
What’s one thing that you think is holding you back from reaching your full potential?
What’s a decision you regret from your past that you still think about?
How has your perception of life changed as you’ve gotten older?
How do you want to spend the next decade of your life?
If you could change one thing about your life today, what would it be?
What’s one thing that’s currently stressing you out about the future?
What’s one childhood dream you still hope to fulfill?
If you could rewrite one part of your past, what would it be?
What part of your present life makes you the happiest?
What’s a part of your life you’re looking forward to most?
What’s a lesson from the past that you feel people often forget?
What’s something that’s helping you grow in the present?
If you had to choose one thing that defines your future, what would it be?
What past decision has shaped who you are today?
What is one thing you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t yet?
How would you like to see your life change in the next five years?
What’s a dream you had in the past that you’ve let go of, but would revisit if you could?
If you could spend one year in the past or future, which would you choose and why?
