Who Are You?
Self-discovery questions to explore identity and values.
9B5DE5
If you could be any fictional character for a day, who would you be and why?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to do, but have never had the guts to try?
If you were a flavor of ice cream, what flavor would you be?
What’s your signature dance move?
What’s your most embarrassing childhood memory that still makes you cringe?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
What’s something you’re really good at that others don’t know about?
What’s your guilty pleasure song that you secretly love?
If you had to describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What’s your go-to karaoke song?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever Googled?
What’s the most unusual compliment you’ve ever received?
If you had a time machine, would you go to the past or the future?
What’s the last show you binge-watched and loved?
What’s your favorite holiday and how do you usually celebrate it?
What’s one thing you’ve learned about yourself this year?
If you could instantly master one skill, what would it be?
What’s something you wish people knew about you but don’t?
If you could change your name, what would you choose?
What’s one habit you wish you could break?
If you could only eat one type of cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s your favorite way to spend a lazy day?
What’s something you do that makes you feel most like yourself?
What’s the first thing you notice about people when you meet them?
If you were a superhero, what would your superpower be?
If you could speak any language fluently, which one would you choose?
What’s something that always makes you smile no matter what?
If you had to choose an animal as your spirit animal, what would it be?
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
What’s something you’ve done that you thought you’d never have the courage to try?
If you could swap lives with anyone for a day, who would it be and why?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever received?
What’s the last thing that really made you laugh out loud?
What’s your go-to comfort food after a long day?
If your life was a movie, what would it be called?
If you were to write a book, what would it be about?
What’s one thing you’re most proud of?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
What’s something you’re excited to learn or explore next?
If you could have dinner with any three people, dead or alive, who would they be?
What’s your most irrational fear?
What’s the last thing you did that made you feel proud of yourself?
If you could master one instrument instantly, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever tried and liked?
What’s one thing you do to relax when you’re feeling stressed?
What’s a cause or issue that you feel really passionate about?
What’s something you’ve done that totally changed your perspective on life?
What’s your favorite season and why?
If you could live in any time period, when would it be?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever given or received?
What’s one habit or routine that makes you feel like you’re doing well in life?
What’s the best decision you’ve made in the past year?
What’s your favorite way to practice self-care?
What’s one thing that instantly lifts your mood when you’re feeling down?
If you had to choose a different career, what would you do?
What’s the best thing about your personality, in your opinion?
What’s one thing you could talk about for hours and never get bored of?
What’s the most random thing you’ve ever Googled?
If you could travel anywhere tomorrow, where would you go and why?
What’s your favorite childhood memory?
What’s something that makes you feel at peace?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What’s one quality you really value in others?
