First Date Vibes
Icebreaker questions to spark connection.
FFA07A
What’s the most random thing you’ve Googled recently?
If you could swap lives with any fictional character for a day, who would it be?
What’s your guilty pleasure TV show or movie?
If you were a superhero, what would your superpower be?
What’s the weirdest food you actually enjoy?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t yet?
Do you have any weird or unusual talents?
If you could only eat one cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s your go-to karaoke song?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
If you had to choose one animal to be your sidekick, what animal would it be?
What’s the funniest thing that’s happened to you recently?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever received?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be?
What’s something you’re really passionate about?
If you were a flavor of ice cream, what flavor would you be?
What’s your favorite way to relax after a long day?
What’s your go-to comfort food?
What’s the most ridiculous goal you’ve set for yourself?
What’s something that always makes you laugh?
If you could instantly learn any skill, what would it be?
Do you believe in ghosts or aliens?
What’s the most memorable trip you’ve ever taken?
If you could be famous for something, what would it be?
What’s your favorite way to spend a Sunday afternoon?
If your life was a movie, what would the title be?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t gotten around to yet?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
If you could be really good at any hobby, what would it be?
What’s your go-to dance move when no one’s watching?
If you could have any job for one week, what would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
If you could only wear one outfit for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the best meal you’ve ever had?
What’s something on your bucket list that’s actually achievable?
If you had to live in a movie world, which movie would you pick?
What’s your spirit animal and why?
If you could pick one superpower, but only use it once a day, what would it be?
What’s your favorite type of music to listen to when you’re in a good mood?
What’s your most unusual habit or ritual?
If you could meet anyone, dead or alive, who would it be?
What’s your favorite season and why?
If you could switch lives with anyone in the room for an hour, who would you pick?
If you could instantly master any language, which one would it be?
What’s something that instantly puts you in a good mood?
What’s the most unexpected thing that’s ever happened to you?
If you could only use one social media platform, which one would it be?
What’s your most treasured childhood memory?
What’s the most bizarre fact you know?
If you were a ghost, who would you haunt?
What’s the funniest way you’ve ever injured yourself?
If you could instantly become an expert in one subject, what would it be?
What’s the most random thing in your bag or wallet right now?
If you had to change your name to anything, what would you pick?
What’s your idea of a perfect date?
What’s your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
If you could time travel to any era, when would you go?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever received?
What’s something that’s on your mind lately?
What’s your weirdest pet peeve?
If you could trade lives with any celebrity for a week, who would it be?
What’s one thing you could not live without?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on a dare?
If you could be in any reality TV show, which one would you pick?
What’s your signature dish when you cook?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve done in the last year?
What’s your favorite way to start the day?
If you could create a new holiday, what would it be called and how would we celebrate?
