Spicy Sparks
Playful and teasing questions to turn up the heat.
FF1493
What’s something that immediately gets your attention about someone?
What’s the most flirtatious thing you’ve ever done?
If you could trade places with someone for a day, who would it be and why?
What’s your go-to move when you’re trying to impress someone?
Have you ever had a crush on someone you shouldn’t have?
What’s the most ridiculous pickup line you’ve ever heard?
Do you like being chased or doing the chasing?
What’s one thing that’s an instant turn-on for you?
If I whispered something sweet in your ear right now, what would you want to hear?
What’s your biggest weakness when it comes to flirting?
What’s the most seductive thing you’ve ever worn?
Have you ever sent a risky text or message by accident?
What’s your favorite way to be kissed?
Would you ever try a spontaneous, adventurous date?
What’s the most daring thing you’ve ever done in the name of love?
What would you consider a “perfect date” that leaves you wanting more?
What’s the wildest thing you’ve done to get someone’s attention?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should it be more complicated?
How do you feel about public displays of affection?
What’s something that always makes you smile when you’re with someone?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
What’s the first thing you notice when meeting someone new?
Do you enjoy being the center of attention in a romantic setting?
If you could set the perfect romantic mood, what would it look like?
What’s one thing that will always make you laugh during a date?
Do you think there’s a “right way” to flirt or is it all about personality?
Have you ever made a move on someone and totally failed?
What’s the most romantic thing someone could do for you?
What’s the most adventurous place you’d want to get cozy with someone?
How do you feel about slow dances?
What would you do if you caught someone staring at you in a romantic way?
What’s the most intimate thing you can do without saying a word?
If you were to receive a flirtatious text right now, what would you want it to say?
What’s the best way someone can show you they’re into you?
What’s the most memorable kiss you’ve ever had?
What’s your opinion on love languages? Do you think they’re accurate?
Do you think there’s a perfect “chemistry” between two people?
What’s something small but sexy that can turn up the heat?
What’s your favorite type of intimate gesture to give and receive?
Have you ever flirted with someone just to make them jealous?
What’s your secret to looking effortlessly attractive?
If someone flirted with you at a bar, how would you respond?
Do you like it when someone’s a little shy or more forward?
What’s the most flirtatious thing you’ve done on a first date?
Would you rather go on a romantic dinner date or a spontaneous adventure?
What’s the most unexpected way someone has caught your attention?
What’s something you love doing with a partner that feels extra intimate?
What’s your favorite part of a romantic evening?
What’s a flirtatious challenge you’d be up for?
What’s your idea of a “perfect” night with someone special?
How would you make someone feel special without saying anything?
What’s something small you do to make someone smile during a date?
What’s your favorite way to make someone feel desired?
Do you believe in the concept of “soulmates” or do you think love is more complicated?
What’s one thing you’ve never tried in a relationship that you’ve always wanted to?
If I took you on a surprise date, where would we go?
What’s your idea of a perfect kiss?
What’s your favorite type of flirting: verbal, physical, or something else?
What’s a romantic gesture that’s guaranteed to impress you?
If you could go on a date with anyone, who would it be and why?
What’s your signature “move” when you want to show someone you’re interested?
What’s one thing you’ve always wanted to do with a partner but haven’t yet?
If you were to send a flirty text to someone, what would it say?
How do you feel about spontaneous adventures with a partner?
What’s the most intimate moment you’ve shared with someone?
