Finish the Sentence
Cards with an incomplete sentence you must complete creatively.
2ECC71
I would never trust someone who…
The best way to spend a rainy day is…
If I could switch lives with anyone for a day, I would choose…
The worst advice I’ve ever received is…
If I could only eat one food for the rest of my life, it would be…
If my pet could talk, the first thing they would say is…
I always forget to…
My dream vacation involves…
If I could have a superpower, it would be…
The most embarrassing thing I’ve ever done is…
If I had a time machine, I would go to…
The last thing I Googled was…
If I had to live without one of my senses, I would choose to lose…
I secretly love…
The most useless skill I have is…
If I could instantly master one skill, it would be…
If I could only wear one color for the rest of my life, it would be…
The craziest thing I’ve ever done for fun is…
If I could make one rule that everyone had to follow, it would be…
I’m really good at…
I would never be caught dead…
The weirdest dream I’ve ever had was about…
If I could live in any fictional world, it would be…
The most ridiculous thing I’ve ever bought is…
If I could talk to my future self, I would ask them…
My guilty pleasure is…
If I had an unlimited supply of money, I would…
If I could meet any celebrity, it would be…
The worst movie I’ve ever seen is…
The one thing that always makes me laugh is…
If I could own any animal as a pet, I would have…
The best gift I’ve ever received was…
The best way to cheer me up is…
If I could change one thing about my past, it would be…
If I were a superhero, my name would be…
The first thing I would do if I won the lottery is…
I feel happiest when I’m…
If I could live in any time period, I would choose…
The most random fact I know is…
If I could talk to my childhood self, I would tell them…
My worst habit is…
If I had a robot, I would have it do…
If I could only watch one TV show for the rest of my life, it would be…
The last text I sent was about…
If I could have dinner with any historical figure, it would be…
The weirdest food I’ve ever eaten is…
If I had to move to another country, I would go to…
If I could be famous for something, it would be…
If I could trade lives with any character from a movie, it would be…
The best song to listen to when I need to cheer up is…
If I could master one language instantly, it would be…
The best part of my day is…
The worst thing I’ve ever done while tired is…
If I could spend a day with anyone from history, it would be…
If I were a character in a book, I would be…
If I could instantly teleport anywhere, I would go to…
The last book I read was…
If I could have any job for a day, it would be…
The one thing I could talk about for hours is…
If I had to live in a different country for a year, I would choose…
The most unexpected thing that ever happened to me was…
If I could be a professional athlete, I would play…
The most unusual talent I have is…
The first thing I notice about people is…
If I could live in any city, I would choose…
The most adventurous thing I’ve ever done is…
The most inspiring person I know is…
The thing that makes me the happiest is…
If I could only use one app on my phone for the rest of my life, it would be…
The most memorable trip I’ve ever been on was to…
If I could meet anyone, living or dead, it would be…
The one thing I can’t live without is…
If I could go back in time, I would change…
The last time I laughed uncontrollably was because of…
If I could do anything for a living, it would be…
The most random thing that’s ever happened to me is…
If I could trade lives with someone for a week, it would be…
The thing that makes me unique is…
The best advice I’ve ever received was…
If I had a personal assistant, I would have them…
The one thing I’ve always wanted to learn is…
If I could become famous for anything, it would be…
The best decision I’ve ever made was…
If I could be in any movie, I would choose…
The one place I feel most at peace is…
If I could switch places with anyone for a week, it would be…
The thing that makes me the most anxious is…
If I could have a conversation with my future self, I would ask…
