Two Truths and a Lie
Guess the lie in a game of truth and deception.
3498db
What’s something you’ve done that most people would never guess about you?
What’s a talent you have that would surprise people?
Have you ever met a celebrity and completely embarrassed yourself?
What’s a random fact about you that no one believes?
What’s the most outrageous lie you’ve told and got away with?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad situation?
What’s something you’ve pretended to like just to fit in?
What’s a food you claim to hate but secretly enjoy?
What’s something you’ve never done but tell people you have?
What’s an embarrassing moment you’ve tried to forget but can’t?
What’s something you would never admit in public?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done to impress someone?
Have you ever convinced someone you could do something you couldn’t?
What’s a superpower you wish you had, but can’t actually do?
What’s the most ridiculous rumor you’ve heard about yourself?
What’s something people always assume about you that’s totally wrong?
What’s the best lie you’ve ever heard?
Have you ever made up a story about your childhood to impress someone?
What’s a hobby you’ve tried but didn’t really enjoy?
Have you ever been caught in a lie, and how did you handle it?
What’s the most unexpected thing you’ve done in public?
What’s a strange habit you’ve managed to keep secret?
What’s the craziest excuse you’ve used to get out of something?
What’s a lie you’ve told that you still feel guilty about?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done in an awkward situation?
What’s the most unusual job you’ve claimed to have had?
Have you ever made someone believe something totally bizarre?
What’s something you’ve exaggerated just to sound cooler?
Have you ever lied about your age?
What’s a time you convinced someone of something totally fake?
What’s something you’ve said to make yourself sound more adventurous?
What’s the funniest lie you’ve ever heard someone tell?
What’s a time when your story sounded so crazy that people thought it was a lie?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve told without getting caught?
What’s something you’ve claimed to do but secretly haven’t?
What’s a job you’ve said you had that wasn’t true?
What’s something weird you’ve said just to see if people would believe it?
What’s something you pretend to know a lot about but actually don’t?
Have you ever made up a fake accomplishment to impress someone?
What’s a wild story you’ve told that people always believe?
What’s something you’ve said to make yourself seem more interesting?
What’s the best trick you’ve ever pulled on a friend?
What’s a bizarre hobby you’ve pretended to enjoy just to fit in?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve said to get out of trouble?
What’s a time you pretended to be someone else?
What’s a talent you’ve said you have but don’t?
What’s a wild claim you’ve made about your childhood?
What’s a strange lie you’ve told to avoid doing something?
Have you ever made up a funny story about your past?
What’s something weird you’ve said just to mess with someone?
Have you ever told someone an outrageous story just for fun?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve convinced someone to believe?
What’s something you pretend to hate but secretly love?
What’s a time when your story sounded too good to be true?
Have you ever told someone you met a famous person, but it wasn’t true?
What’s something you’ve lied about to make yourself sound more cultured?
What’s the most unusual skill you’ve said you have just to sound cool?
What’s a time you exaggerated something to make it sound more exciting?
What’s something you’ve convinced people to believe that wasn’t real?
What’s something that’s totally true about you, but sounds like a lie?
What’s the most random thing you’ve lied about to impress someone?
Have you ever pretended to be an expert at something you’re not?
What’s a lie you’ve told to avoid getting into trouble?
What’s something you claim to be good at but secretly aren’t?
Have you ever made up a fake story to get attention?
What’s something that sounds unbelievable but is totally true?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever lied about?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve convinced someone is real?
What’s something you’ve told someone that turned out to be completely made up?
What’s a time when you exaggerated something just for fun?
Have you ever lied to make your life sound more exciting than it actually is?
What’s a time you got away with telling a really ridiculous lie?
What’s a fun fact you’ve made up that people totally bought?
What’s the weirdest lie you’ve told to avoid a social situation?
Have you ever pretended to like something just to fit in?
What’s something outrageous you’ve said that was totally untrue?
What’s something you’ve said you’ve done, but you haven’t?
What’s the funniest lie you’ve ever told as a joke?
Have you ever convinced someone you were an expert on something you weren’t?
What’s something you’ve told someone to mess with them, and they believed it?
What’s the most absurd claim you’ve made to get out of doing something?
What’s a time you told a story that made everyone laugh because it sounded too wild?
What’s a lie you told that made you feel like a smooth talker?
What’s something you’ve said that was technically true, but misleading?
What’s a time you made up a story that had everyone believing you?
What’s something you claim to hate but secretly love when no one’s watching?
What’s a ridiculous thing you’ve said just to entertain yourself?
What’s a totally absurd thing you’ve convinced someone is true?
What’s something you’ve pretended to be good at but really aren’t?
What’s a time you told someone something so unbelievable they didn’t question it?
What’s a lie you’ve told that you’re kind of proud of?
What’s something you claim to be terrible at, but you’re actually good at?
What’s a time you exaggerated a story so much that you couldn’t keep track of the lie?
What’s something you’ve said to make people think you’re more adventurous?
What’s a funny fib you’ve told just to see how far you could push it?
What’s a time you made something sound so dramatic, no one questioned it?
What’s a time when you had to cover up a lie with another one?
What’s the weirdest fib you’ve told, and no one ever caught on?
What’s a wild thing you’ve said to make yourself sound cooler than you are?
What’s something you’ve claimed to have done, but never did?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve said to get a laugh out of people?
